What is the best way to live?
It is a question that has occupied philosophers
for thousands of years. In earlier generations, like those
at the beginning of the 21st century,
many people were confused about this question of how
to live, especially when it came to the material world.
We refer to the humans of that time
as the Plastic Rectangle People,
because they carried these objects at all times
as a means of enforcing norms and rules in their culture.
Each citizen held at least one as a fetish
with the belief that it would protect them
and separate them from nature.
Strangely, there was no shortage of talk about nature.
They wrote thousands of words about the environment.
There were billions of images of mountains, animals,
sunsets, and trees.
Most of this talking
and thinking took place inside brutally constructed spaces,
touching and staring at a piece of plastic
and electronics, one
of the most synthetic, cursed objects ever made.
The people of this era seemed
to be stuck in something we might call a kind
of "worldly acetecism".
By that, we mean they wanted
to withdraw from the natural world,
but still be connected to it.
To many, nature seemed like a fine concept
or idea. Upon activating one
of these plastic rectangles, the beholder was often greeted
with an unnatural, glowing image of a green hill or field.
But actually engaging with life physically directly.
They felt it was too messy, even dangerous.
It seemed safer to stay inside with symbols
and semantics, dreaming of a sterile mineral future
where biology would be replaced by a completely
artificial regime of numbers, order and smoothness.
There were even extremists of that time who went so far as
to suggest that civilization should run away from earthly
nature to build a totally new, completely manufactured world
of plastic and metal on the planet Mars.
Looking back, we in our time can see the hubris
of these fantasies of artificial simplicity
and total environmental control.
We also know of the tragic, destructive consequences
of this willful blindness to material reality.
And so, toward the end of that time of crisis
began an age we called The Great Rewilding. We turned away
from these technologies of extraction
and pollution, abstraction and separation.
Instead, we began to try ways of living
that reconnected humanity to nature.
We named this new way of life Sylvoculture
after the old Latin word for forest.
The name refers to the central role played
by trees in our new society.
They're so essential, in fact, we cannot live without them.
Some of the first people of North America referred to trees
as the "standing people".
And in that line of thinking, we understood what we needed
not only appreciate trees as the
saviors of our planet,
but we needed to see ourselves as
fellow beings in a larger community of living creatures.
We learned about how trees not only restore our air
and soil, but how they communicate
and sense changes in our environment.
We found ways to learn the language of trees
and their symbiotic relations with other life forms.
We learned to appreciate the ecological economy
of forests, which do not extract and pollute,
but instead recycle much of the matter within them.
And we reconnected to the first knowing of natural instincts
and desires within ourselves.
And so in the Great Rewilding, we began
to put aside plastic rectangles, instead to pick up pieces
of wood and leaves.
We let go of the structures we clutched with
chemical arms to grow, regenerative forms
of shelter and provision.
We disconnected our frenetic artificial networks
and began to use the ab boreal networks of pheromones,
roots, fungi and bacteria.
We still struggle, but since we learned
to speak the language of plants, we do
so within a larger web of life,
singing the poetic songs of trees.